How CSCI-585 is ? : r/USC
3y ago
Starcrafttpz
How CSCI-585 is ?
I have a plan to take CSCI-585 in Summer 2023. So, I'm curious whether it is appropriate or not in Summer 2023.
Are there a lot of assignments? And Is is difficult to have high grade?
Thanks your reply.
u/moomoo_global avatar
moomoo_global
Promoted
Options trading moves fast. Your workflow should too. Build strategies in seconds, react to live market movement, and visualize risk before you trade. All on moomoo. #tradesmart
moomoo.com
View More
Comments Section
[deleted]
The hardest part of the course is sitting through long lectures
u/FlyNagisou avatar
FlyNagisou
Easy. Didnt study much but had an A
BriefRelationship934
What other courses are easy for MSCS?
Duk55
Easy class but its not worth taking imo. The course content is all over the place and you dont really learn anything. There are far better CSCI courses you can take
It's an easy course. Definitely take it if it's taught by Saty! He's extremely passionate about the subject matter and makes the topics/course interesting :)
KiwiBird97
For Applied Data Science students, if you're planning to take it after DSCI 553, this is your only opportunity. In the future, after you take DSCI 553 or 558, you will not be allowed to go back and take CSCI 567 or 585.
u/Over_Estimate5818 avatar
Over_Estimate5818
do you need any previous knowledge for this course?
krish_98
It's a good course to study in the summer. The assignments are fun and the coursework is manageable. Prof. Saty keeps the lectures engaging and the course content is good.
Dear_Philosophy9752
"Engaging" is a stretch when 90% of the lecture hall is doing other things on their laptops or talking to each other. It's definitely an easy class though.
mrrobot_404
Id second this. Taking this course this semester. For me, its really hard to focus in this class. Prof. Saty deviates so much from the topic, everything he says is about chatGPT which is annoying as fuck. I dont mind the casual dancing and signing in the middle of the class since it might help students to get a bit refreshed BUT he tries too hard sometimes to idk, be funny? The course overall is easy and if youd like something chill for the semester, youll do just fine
Youre lucky hes talking about ChatGPT. When I took it a year ago all he was rambling about was the Ukrainian war, and making a lot of ignorant and bigoted statements about the Russian people (NOT just the govt).
More posts you may like
Related posts
USC ACCEPTANCE LETTER
u/Intuit_QuickBooks avatar
Intuit_QuickBooks
Manage books, customers, payments, and payrollall in one placewith help from Intuits AI agents and trusted experts.
quickbooks.intuit.com
Shop Now
How is CISC 151?
Good answers to USC questions?
Syllabus for CSCI585
Csc108 todays exam was brutallllllllllllllllllllll
NVCC to USC
Should I take linear at Red Rocks?
Anyone else taking CSC271 and STA272 for minor requirements?
Got accepted!
(URGENT) Incoming freshman here, I need some help about class registration!
1y ago
C-STEP applicants
Study Website for CSCA48 to help you make POST.
concerning email bc of senior grades
what are my chances of getting an A in calc 2 after bombing exam 1
im getting at usc!!
safety concerns
Anyone got A/A- on Bio 203 before ?
Sathya Vs Shaharam Ghandeharizadeh for CSCI 585 Database System
Is a D a passing grade?
What is course registration at USC like?
Course Information: PLF4M0 - Recreation and Healthy Active Living Leadership
First exam is graded. For those of you who have taken CS-6515, what can I expect?
csca48
USC transfer question
View Post in
Portugues (Brasil)
Francais
See more
Top Posts
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of March 6, 2023
reReddit: Top posts of March 2023
reReddit: Top posts of 2023
Popular
News
Explore
Best of Reddit
Best of Reddit in Portuguese
Best of Reddit in German
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Your Privacy Choices
Accessibility
Reddit, Inc. 2026. All rights reserved.