How is CSCI 572 with Prof. Saty? : r/USC
3y ago
OWNHAY
How is CSCI 572 with Prof. Saty?
Been seeing some mixed reviews on RMP, how is the class in terms of difficulty and quality? Any input would be amazing, thanks in advance
u/OpenAI avatar
OpenAI
Promoted
Dont limit your flow. Move your build to Codex and pick up where you left off. Designed to be token efficient.
chatgpt.com
Comments Section
StroudAugust
Saty's courses are a waste of money, but they're really fun and easy experiences that give you a broad level of familiarity and exposure to the topics without overwhelming by going in-depth.
They are more like 100-level courses than 500-level in terms of both difficulty and quality.
People often take them because they want a throwaway course to accompany a difficult one, or to keep themselves relatively unburdened by their courseload when applying to jobs/internships.
u/Frequent-Water3752 avatar
Frequent-Water3752
1y ago
Does prof check attendance?
He does random checks. So throughout the class he runs a little script on his website to pick an email from all the registered students and calls out their name.
u/Ok-Cartoonist-2655 avatar
Ok-Cartoonist-2655
How do we prepare for midterm? Does the exam cover questions from slides? Is it an open book test?
More posts you may like
Related posts
COMSATS stalking culture...
Comsats as always
0:07
How important is the SAT
Admitted to CMU SCS and Yale; CMU students/alumni, advice for the program?
Sathya Vs Shaharam Ghandeharizadeh for CSCI 585 Database System
How is MAT223 with Isabella Negrini? Can someone share their experience?
Perfect SAT
Thoughts on HLSC 2P02 Infection Control and Safety with Dr. Eduardo Fernandez
Web Tech by prof. Saty
your annual reminder that the SAT is an important part of college admissions, and UCs were stupid to get rid of it
SAT for Stanford
bay area asian who applied CS to 30+ schools
Which university will you go to based on your SAT
Has anyone taken CS 3205 HCI in Software dev?
What are the easiest 500 level courses for Computer Science?
2y ago
How do top colleges really look at sats in the 1450-1500 range
These 3 colleges are shrinking while CSU enrollment rebounds
sfgate
Difficulty and Course load for CSCI 570: Algorithms, CSCI 572: Information retrieval, CSCI: 585: Database systems.
5y ago
CSCI 572(Information Retrieval and Web Search Engines) help, please?
8y ago
How is CS142?
Could this get me into a good college?
Took the SAT again for fun. Ask me anything
How has been your experience with SGO Mistika?
Should I retake the SAT? Advice from a former admission officer
View Post in
Portugues (Brasil)
See more
Top Posts
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of August 18, 2023
reReddit: Top posts of August 2023
reReddit: Top posts of 2023
Popular
News
Explore
Best of Reddit
Best of Reddit in Portuguese
Best of Reddit in German
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Your Privacy Choices
Accessibility
Reddit, Inc. 2026. All rights reserved.