The CSCI 571 Misrepresentation Scandal : r/USC
3y ago
KiwiBird97
The CSCI 571 Misrepresentation Scandal
Hi everyone,
I want to open up on the CSCI 571 misrepresentation scandal that has been ongoing for quite some time. Some students did not realize this until recently.
Usually, we were going to do this privately. However, given the significant damage that Professor Marco Papa did to former students in CSCI 571 for at least the past three years, we want to post this on Reddit to raise awareness that things are not always what it seems. For example, the recommended preparation is just knowledge of at least two web programming languages (HTML, CSS, etc.), but the difficulty level makes us think that this level of recommended preparation is not enough. Letting Professor Marco Papa teach CSCI 571 that way doesn't seem okay.
A prerequisite for quite some time
Since 2013, CSCI 571 has been a prerequisite for certain CS majors at USC. Master's students have five years to complete their degree program, including the summer term. For example, if one starts his/her degree in Fall 2021, he/she will have until the Summer 2026 semester to finish it.
2004-13: Not required (must finish by 2009-18)
2013-15: Technical Professionals (must finish by 2018-20)
2015-20: Scientists and Engineers (must finish by 2020-25)
2020-present: Artificial Intelligence (must finish within five years)
Questions
We have some questions to ask you before we can move on.
During the past ten years, was Professor Papa aware of CSCI 571 being a prerequisite for those CS majors?
If so, then it could be considered fraudulent misrepresentation.
If not, then it could be considered negligent misrepresentation.
Did he continue to say that this course is not a prerequisite for any major? If so, from when?
As far as I know, he used Piazza for class announcements as early as 2018.
From 2013 until 2017, did he use any other program to post class announcements? If so, which program(s)? Is it Blackboard, D2L, or one not listed?
Are there any students that majored in any of those three majors during the past ten years?
For students not majoring in any of those three majors...
...did they have at least three years of working experience as a technical professional?
...did they already take ALL five courses from ITP 104, 301, 303, 304, AND 341/342?
If none of the above apply to them, it is possible that they may have failed.
Student testimonials
In addition, Professor Papa posts student reviews on the first day of class each semester. Here are some of them:
"It is not a fair game for beginners. I've spent almost three weeks doing homework, and I still can not finish it on time."
"This class has posted assignments easily ten times larger than other classes."
"Homework 8 and Homework 9 take forever." (Those are the 3rd and 4th graded homework assignments, respectively.)
"The homework assignments are so difficult."
"I had to do so much googling on my own to learn about concepts used in the homework assignments."
"Massive assignments."
"The workload of this course is too much, especially the last two assignments."
Students in later semesters were hoping for those concerns to be resolved as quickly as possible. Professor Papa said no. He believes the only way to success is to deny students a proper hands-on tutorial and let them learn on their own. By persistently dismissing students' concerns about course materials and homework assignments, he is negligently putting those in danger, especially beginners or those with special needs.
Off-campus housing is more likely to be targeted
According to Delete the Divide, LA County communities where more than one-fifth of the households lack internet access are adversely impacted by the digital divide and in an underserved community. In the case of USC, the following off-campus housing is significantly impacted.
The Lorenzo (27%)
Element Townhomes (25%)
E on Hoover (24%)
How will students in those three buildings be able to do the work without high-speed internet access? We can't let these students get stranded! We want Professor Papa replaced before the start of the Fall 2023 semester. The actions that Professor Papa is doing to his students only widen the digital divide semester after semester, not narrow it.
Twenty years is enough
With the rise of AI, it seems that Professor Marco Papa should step down after almost twenty years of teaching at USC. If there is no response, we can only say that Professor Marco Papa negligently misrepresented CSCI 571 for at least three years (Fall 2020 - Spring 2023). This type of behavior does not meet the ethical and professional standards of the university, as this misrepresentation has put inexperienced students (including me) in danger.
How he misrepresented CSCI 571
He mentioned that CSCI 571 is not required for any CS major. As a result, no one (not even those majoring in AI) is forced to take it. This course is in fact required for certain CS majors since 2013. At this time, we do not have enough information on whether he is aware of the prerequisite.
This post is in response from a "newcomer" from CSCI 571.
This is what Professor Papa posted at the end of every semester.
From 2013-2015, CSCI 571 was a prerequisite for the Technical Professionals major.
From 2015-2020, this prerequisite moved to the Scientists and Engineers major.
Since 2020, CSCI 571 has been a requirement for AI majors.
The recommended preparation is knowledge of at least two web programming languages. This level of preparation is not sufficient for inexperienced students like me. (This issue has been resolved for Fall 2023, but many students were already harmed.)
Summary
PROFESSOR'S CLAIM ACTUAL STATEMENT
"CSCI 571 is not a prerequisite for any CS major." CSCI 571 is in fact required for certain CS majors since 2013.
"The recommended preparation is at least knowledge of at least two programming languages." Knowledge of just two programming languages is not enough.
We won't be able to continue if we don't have enough information. The deadline is August 7, when students can register for a 3rd course from that date (D-Clearances).
Feel free to pin this post.
u/mlopsCommunity avatar
mlopsCommunity
Promoted
Google DeepMind. Mem0. Adobe. Hubspot. Neo4j. LlamaIndex. Cognee... These are the teams taking the stage at Vector Space Day San Francisco on June 11th. A full-day conference for engineers and researchers building with vector search, retrieval, agent memory, and edge AI. Tickets from $199
app.mlops.community
Clickable image which will reveal the video player: Google DeepMind. Mem0. Adobe. Hubspot. Neo4j. LlamaIndex. Cognee... These are the teams taking the stage at Vector Space Day San Francisco on June 11th. A full-day conference for engineers and researchers building with vector search, retrieval, agent memory, and edge AI. Tickets from $199
Collapse video player
0:00 / 0:00
Comments Section
u/smokedpulledpork avatar
smokedpulledpork
I'm sorry, but what exactly is your issue? I took 571, I agree it's a huge headache and there's a lot of issues with it but this post is a cobbled-together rant. You want him to be fired because he claimed the course isn't a requirement, and that has somehow put you in danger?
FightOnForUsc
I took it, mostly is bad because you need way more prerequisites than it tells you at any time
I am addressing that it is not just me being put in danger. Some students may have suffered, too, in which they have called on the professor to make the assignments easier for beginners, but the professor does not seem to budge. I am not majoring in Artificial Intelligence but in Applied Data Science. I am NOT ranting about it; I want to raise awareness that not all college courses are what they seem.
I'm assuming you're the student who has spammed his Rate My Professor with negative reviews... I get where you're coming from, I gave his course a negative review in frustration when I took it--but this is obsessive behavior over what is a relatively minor issue.
I say this without any condescension or derision, but you should reach out to someone to talk to for help if you're the one that's been writing all of those reviews, you seem to be under incredible stress.
15 more replies
[deleted]
You have something good in terms of a case - but youre going way too far in terms of what you want. The points you bring up are reasonable, but the main issue to me seems that the professor is completely unaware that this is required for multiple programs - in which case, his self justified approach (by saying this isnt a required class and people take it just to learn the skills) is wrong.
What the class needs in that case is a change to the syllabus reflecting this new information, rather than necessarily a change to the professor. Im an incoming student in one of these programs and Im worried seeing that a required course for me is being treated in this way
I believe in you. I never had an experience in all of my other classes, but things didn't add up when I failed this course in the Fall 2022 semester, and he made the same false statement for at least the past three years.
u/GeforcePotato avatar
GeforcePotato
Man is this all it takes to try and get a professor fired? Just because they were mistaken about a class being a prerequisite? This post was hard to understand, and I'm not even sure what the main point is.
You having an episode bro?
Maybe his management was unaware in the Fall 2020 semester that Artificial Intelligence was a new CS major at USC. Some inexperienced students already suffered, which is why many 5-star ratings on RMP have mostly unhelpful votes. Many 1-star ratings have mostly helpful votes.
Resignation is an excellent first step.
What second step would you recommend?
1 more reply
u/Cloudflare avatar
The fastest way to leak data is GenAI
Learn More
cloudflare.com
Objective_Mess_1337
The professor does not deserve this. Im sorry that you failed the class, but this is completely unwarranted.
Yes, he does. His actions only limit diversity and inclusion, not promote them. He may have fooled inexperienced students, but I discovered the truth. I feel like there could be more victims one day.
I delayed this post until the end of the Spring 2023 semester because making false statements in one semester is okay while two semesters in a row is not. In fact, during office hours, there were cases of harassment in his class. Here is what he said:
We have had a few "incidents" of harassment of my course producers (CPs). As I result of these incidents, this new policy will be enforced starring [on February 7, 2023].
(1) Students will have a MAXIMUM of 15 minutes for each office hour session, if there are more students still in the waiting room of a CP. You will be told politely your time is up, and I will close the Zoom.
(2) If a student yells or is abusive to the CP, he/she will be IMMEDIATELY BOOTED OUT of the Zoom meeting, and the faculty (me) will be informed of the incident by e-mail or slack. That student will no longer be admitted to the CP that was harassed (he/she is BANNED).
(3) Evey incident of harassment of a CP will be formally reported to the Computer Science Department IMMEDIATELY, and to the Office of Public Safety, with possible negative consequences to the student status at USC.
Does he mean fifteen minutes per CP session? Per day? That can't be okay.
This only makes the class worse. He mentioned "formal complaints" for the first time ever in CSCI 571 history.
When he mentions ChatGPT, this is what he said back in Spring 2023. (I did not take CSCI 571 that semester; I just wanted to see what would have happened.)
I appreciate the conversation. I guess we were all spoiled, including myself, at doing everything remote because of the pandemic, and continued to do so afterwards, because it was easy.
ChatGPT is a big time wake-up call.
I tried ChatGPT on all kinds of actual exam questions. I assumed it was good. It is way better than good. Gives effectively the correct answer in seconds, and it is only slowed down by the fact that it spends paragraphs in explaining how it came to the answer.
When he mentions that "it is way better than good," I don't believe this teacher. There is a disclaimer saying that "ChatGPT may produce inaccurate information about people, places, or facts."
I used ChatGPT to type in my case about the professor choosing not to address these complaints. All real names are anonymized from the conversation. To be safe, I want to rephrase the prompts in my own words.
Accessibility
Making learning accessible to students that have various levels of background knowledge is an important aspect of diversity and inclusion. By not including information in the syllabus on whether the course is beginner-friendly, it could isolate those who are newcomers, which could limit the diversity of students.
Learning styles
Some students can thrive in a more theoretical environment. Others may need a hands-on approach to fully grasp the material. He chooses not to provide a range of tutorials, instead requiring students to learn on their own. His way of teaching can exclude students who do not learn best from his methods.
Socioeconomic diversity
Students from lower socioeconomic backgrounds do not have the same educational opportunities. As a result, they may not have the background knowledge that the professor wants. For example, off-campus housing has fewer educational opportunities than on-campus housing, since not all of them have high-speed Internet access (such as the Lorenzo, Element Townhomes, and the E on Hoover). Without extra support, CSCI 571 has excluded such students.
Equity
To help maintain an inclusive environment, it is better to have a more flexible approach.
Hope this helps.
Listen up, everyone! After much thought, I will give Professor Papa another semester to correct the situation of misrepresenting the course as a pure elective. I deeply care about future students taking it.
We're getting some new information on this scandal.
Complaints
Most of those complaints date back as far as the Spring 2018 semester. The professor has dismissed every single one of them, only making the class harder over time. When more complaints arrive (whether legitimate or not), he continues to dismiss every single one of them. In Spring 2023, these complaints became massive that the professor and his TAs/CPs felt so agitated that they now treat those complaints as personal attacks.
Piazza
The first-ever version of the official CSCI 571 website was back in Fall 2014. We still do not have enough information to determine if he made the false statement that CSCI 571 is not a required course back then until today.
Listen, everyone! We found a more serious issue regarding signing up for the GitHub Student Developer Pack since private repositories are included.
Because all other verification methods have failed (unmodified student ID, transcript, proof of enrollment, student bills), the professor is forcing us to write the expiration dates on our ID card images after scanning. It seems like he is facilitating falsification, something that may be unethical. He has been doing this since Summer 2020.
u/Honeybadger-io avatar
u/Honeybadger-io
Simpler APM for Python! All the metrics you need. None of the complexity you dont.
honeybadger.io
u/Tired4Tom avatar
Tired4Tom
"Okay, someone needs to hear this, and I'll be the one to say it. You've got to stop fixating on him and move forward. Simply put, he isn't worth your time, and there's nothing you can do about it except accept it and move on. This is the reality. By dwelling on it, you're inadvertently boosting his reputation on his RMP page.
For some background, I'm a guy whose A grade turned into a C because of Marco and his teaching team's mistake. They had an entire Assignment 2 website running for a month, and just a day after the class deadline, he suddenly declared it a 'leak' (I mean, seriously? Calling their own mistake a leak?). He then teamed up with the academic integrity department (and interestingly, Marco spoke to the head of the OAI department before even meeting me, informing me about the ongoing situation, referring to me as a "thief," and saying that "your case should be reviewed very soon as I talk to this guy" during the meeting, by the way). Now, all I did was use the front-end code from that website and referenced it properly, unaware of their blunder. So yeah, I received a zero for what was possibly the simplest assignment, even though I aced all the much tougher assignments, ultimately leading to a final grade of C.
Furthermore, you are right about the fact that he does not know this course is a prerequisite for countless students. He seems to think that everyone willingly 'chooses' his course (I've got screenshots of him saying this on Piazza too, plus many other funny stuff from him).
In the end, USC probably won't take any action against him, despite his evident lack of professionalism that's expected in academia, not to mention his insufficient subject knowledge. So, my best advice is to stop fixating on him, move forward, and remember that he's simply a man who's exploiting his authority that alone speaks enough!"
Although he is finally aware that it is not a beginner-level course and has finally listed all the beginner courses (thanks to the support of the ITP department), I feel like some students from the past five years may have already suffered. I want to sympathize with those affected.
Once again, those complaints started as early as Spring 2018. Many students have written negative evaluations about this professor. As a result, some former course producers (CPs) were asked to write positive evaluations to "balance the negative reviews that were written by students with bad grades." But this did not stop students from complaining. They even complained to the CPs. The teaching staff felt extremely agitated that Professor Papa now considers this harassment, putting those students responsible for disciplinary action rather than the professor himself.
In your case, during what semester did this happen to you?
Please also share any screenshots that you had on Piazza.
u/Trivial_Integration avatar
Trivial_Integration
Stop spamming his RMP with provocations and personal attacks, all you're doing is looking unhinged and mentally unstable.
u/Objective_Vanilla_11 avatar
Objective_Vanilla_11
This!!! Its coming across to me like a mental breakdown
I have attached two photos for you to look at. The first is from Piazza, while the other is from the USC Catalogue.
Please don't downvote this post. If we can't shut down this professor, then future students could suffer.
More posts you may like
Related posts
USCIS update
u/Zillow avatar
Zillow
With zillions of houses and apts, homes not so far away. Someday starts today.
zillow.com
Found this: Alleged USCIS Officers take on recent Adjustment of Status (AOS) changes on western regions
USCP Got the Call!
USCP
I-945 Update: DHS/USCIS Resubmits Public Charge Bond What Changed and What It Could Mean
BREAKING: Federal Court Grants Preliminary Injunction Against USCIS "Adjudicative Hold" on EADs! (Behdin v. Edlow)
My two cents on what the illustrator actually tweeted 3-4years ago
Is there a webpage where you can submit a claim to RFK Jr's "tell me where I'm wrong" request?
safety concerns
List of USFS offices slated for closure in obliteration of USFS
Security here is such a joke
1y ago
USCIS accused me of fraud and misrepresentation because of my lawyers mistakes and negligence.
Reporter with questions about US Tech Force
Federal appeals court sides with Pentagon against science, reinstating U.S. militarys HIV enlistment ban
advocate
SCIF denial and some other thoughts
How is CSCI 571 Web Technologies? Is it very difficult due to the immense workload or the nature of assignments? How to prepare for it?
6y ago
USCIS officers are not fool - some of them are easygoing!
USCIS just issued a major policy memo (PM-602-0199) that changes how I-485 adjustment of status applications inside the US are judged here is what it actually means for you
USC and US employers should take action NOW on the new memo
Confusing. USCIS Wording?
What does this DOJ tentative offer rescission likely mean after completing onboarding/security steps?
USCIS committed major fraud on my husbands 2003 case
View Post in
Portugues (Brasil)
See more
Top Posts
Reddit
reReddit: Top posts of July 31, 2023
reReddit: Top posts of July 2023
reReddit: Top posts of 2023
Popular
News
Explore
Best of Reddit
Best of Reddit in Portuguese
Best of Reddit in German
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Your Privacy Choices
Reddit, Inc. 2026. All rights reserved.