Logo
Professors
Caret Down
Professor name
University of Southern California
Pencil Icon
Mohammad Rajati
Engineering
Rate
Compare
Jump To Ratings Down Arrow
Overall Quality Based on 118 ratings
Professor in the Engineering department at University of Southern California
Level of Difficulty
Arrow Icon
I'm Professor Rajati
Rating Distribution
Awesome 5
Great 4
Good 3
OK 2
Awful 1
Similar Professors
5.00
Annabelle Lau
Bogdan Marcu
Clark Kromenaker
00:00
118 Student Ratings
All courses
CSCI102
May 24th, 2026
For Credit: Yes
Attendance: Mandatory
Grade: A
Textbook: Yes
Don't understand why this course is not just an online course. The professor requires attendance but makes you watch his zoom recordings he made from 2020. You need to buy the $90 online textbook where you have to self learn everything from there. Midterm had around 60 questions while final had 108, but 8 of those were extra credit.
Clear grading criteria
Online Savvy
Helpful
Thumbs up
Thumbs down
DSCI552
Apr 9th, 2026
Attendance: Not Mandatory
Would Take Again: Yes
Grade: A-
Professor Rajati is a great teacher who explains difficult concepts clearly and simply. His exams are fair, and the past exams he provides are very helpful for practice. He also adds extra lectures or recordings when needed, which shows he truly cares about helping students learn well.
Amazing lectures
Feb 8th, 2026
Textbook: N/A
The worst. He did a "flipped classroom" thing where 1 section was the actual lecture and the other was dedicated to problem-solving. However, the flipped class worksheets are also graded, so you essentially have 8 hrs of lecture a week instead of 4, PLUS multiple pages of extra math. It's like 2 classes in 1, I don't even know how this is allowed.
Get ready to read
Lots of homework
Lecture heavy
CSCI360
Jan 13th, 2026
He seems very funny and intelligent, but the class itself was very draining. there's pre-recoded lectures but u still need to go to lecture for in-class activities. 6 problem sets, 2 exams, 4 labs, 1 final project (similar to a lab). There are late days, but i recommend saving them for the end. u can also drop 1 problem set and 1 lab.
Hilarious
Dec 19th, 2025
Will definitely learn things when you do homework and tests. Loose on grading, you will never worry about a bad grade in this course when you spend time on homework and tests. But, the professors emphasize so much on being serious on homework, but we get almost no feedback on homework. Anyway, you will learn mostly from yourself....
Dec 15th, 2025
Extremely bad at teaching
Nov 11th, 2025
He is an amazing professor. Probably the best one at Viterbi. He is hilarious and teaches insanely well. I wish the exams were offline as I feel after switching to take home exams, it doesn't motivate students to study.
Inspirational
Nov 10th, 2025
The professor regularly comes late to class, and the midterms were very poorly managed. Communication from the TAs and the professor was very limited and unclear.
Nov 2nd, 2025
Only really learned from a textbook. Would sit in lectures in silence on computers, not engaging at all. Genuinely didn't learn anything from this class. He was nice and accidently gave us the practice exam for the real 2nd midterm but nothing he taught (bc he didnt teach) was applicable.
Oct 29th, 2025
Grade: Not sure yet
Doesn't teach. Class is just a discussion where you do worksheets. He never has actually lectured or taught anything in class, expects u to learn independently. Coursework is comically easy. Professor shows up late to class nearly every day (up to 25 minutes) and is constantly on his phone. Class is not helpful, did not learn anything. Avoid
Oct 27th, 2025
This class is unbelievably difficult and time consuming. His lectures and homework have little relation to each other. The midterm exam had many errors and inconsistencies. I think he just likes to torture students.
Tough grader
Oct 23rd, 2025
i am shocked USC lets this person on their faculty. I am the first person to give harsh professors the benefit of the doubt. but its unlike anything ive ever seen. he is the a blend of unpredictable in attendance, the one thing that stays constant is the amount of insane amounts of work you will put in for an assignment worth max 8% of your grade.
Oct 15th, 2025
This class made me question the value I am getting from USC. Why is the $70 online textbook literally the only thing teaching me? Rediculous.
Jul 21st, 2025
Homework is very long, the exams are unrelated to the hw. Lectures are a lot of proofs that aren't applied anywhere else. There is no practice for exams so you have to hope your statistics knowledge is quite good. Everything is take home which is the only benefit
So many papers
May 12th, 2025
Homework develops practical skills, worksheets develop math intuition and prepares for exams. So far this semester, the professor canceled many lectures, so homework and lecture pace wasn't synced up. Cheating during first midterm was rampant due to logistical issues, but some students cheated regardless because of LLMs and lax proctors.
EXTRA CREDIT
May 2nd, 2025
Pre-records every lecture. Zybooks explains everything better than he does. Attendance is mandatory so get ready to sit in a silent room for 50 minutes every other day. Off-loads your questions onto his TAs. Messed up the exam rooms for both midterms, causing 20+ students to lose 15 minutes of time in a 50-minute exam. Easy class, bad professor.
Participation matters
Apr 30th, 2025
Grade: Incomplete
Awful. He didn't teach us at all. He just made us come to class and give our attendance. Not ONE lecture. I didn't learn anything from him. I had to self study for this course and towards the end of the semester, I really struggled because of this complete absence of instruction. A professor's job is to teach, and he completely flouted it.
EE559
Apr 28th, 2025
Be prepared to learn almost everything by yourself again bc you'll find what covered in class not applicable to exams and hws :(
Apr 22nd, 2025
Worth it for the HW but the prof. and TAs are awful and passive aggressive. Exams were a logistical nightmare - 6 weeks to grade midterm1, no clear instructions for re-grading requests, unclear on future exam content, no rubrics/ grading criteria, grades released for only half of the class etc. Blatant cheating in midterm1 that was not addressed.
Feb 13th, 2025
Asks students to watch pre-recorded lectures and just sit there doing nothing in class, but attendance is mandatory. How easy it is to teach a class like this lol. Paying $70k/year to take a class like this is ridiculous. Should've taken 102 in fall w/ Mark.
Computer IconDSCI552
Feb 11th, 2025
Online Class: Yes
Lectures are clear, but homework can get quite long. Unstuck ai and study groups helped me manage the workload. Overall, a rewarding class if you stay engaged.
Dec 20th, 2024
The professor is knowledgeable and willing to answer questions. However, his behavior towards students is very unpleasant, prepare yourself to feel horrible whenever you try to talk with him. In addition to his expertise in machine learning, he's also an expert in microaggressions.
Nov 8th, 2024
course picks up like crazy in the second half, you really need to pay attention to his lectures. he is honestly a kinda boring lecturer but will be willing to help if you ask questions. he is very passionate and knowledgeable, he just isn't great at lecturing.
Nov 3rd, 2024
God awful exams, extremely difficult professor who openly states he doesn't teach for the exam and therefore homework and lecture don't prepare you for the exams at all, which are worth half the grade in this class. Avoid.
Test heavy
Jul 29th, 2024
Grade: A+
By far the best professor in the university, and one of the best courses. The professor teaches extremely well, genuinely cares for the students, and grades generously. Even his TAs and CPs harbor a learning environment, give good feedbacks on homeworks, take regular Online Hours, always help out. Course is useful for industry & job interviews too.
Gives good feedback
Jun 19th, 2024
In terms of content -- it can pretty much be self-studied in a week, but I loved the professors exams because knowing how to "write code" is simply not enough for the midterms. If you are aiming for the perfect 100% on midterms, be prepared to read every small detail in the zybooks because the overlooked details are tested. Prof great at explaining
Jun 6th, 2024
dont take course in fall. Very moody in fall. Take in spring only, especially ds students
May 13th, 2024
This semester attendance for class was mandatory instead of labs. However, we had to watch his pre-recorded online lectures before going to class where we would just sit and work on homework the entire time, which I did not like. However, very easy grading and there is a lot of opportunities for extra credit.
Very nice professor. Lectures are clear. HWs are just long, not difficult. They can be done in 1-3 days, and you get to drop the lowest. Final was easier than midterm. Very generous grading. It depends on your standing in the entire class. 40% of the class got A, 27% got A-. Also he talks about some career tips if you need.
May 8th, 2024
Grades are not a problem in this course, a majority of students get an A. The material is interesting if you enjoy machine learning and statistics, plus the professor is clearly passionate about it. Take this course when you need a chill/interesting course for your schedule.
Caring
Respected
Apr 25th, 2024
This class is not too hard, even if you don't have prior programming experience. It's largely independent learning though, so be prepared for that. Overall, the class works as a good guide to learning C++ and Professor Rajati is a nice guy.
Rajati is a wonderful person and his course is very interesting, but it's so easy not skate along without learning anything and not pay the price until the end. Try to stick with his lectures and do problem sets on your own!
Graded by few things
Apr 24th, 2024
Rajati is a non professor. He sends pre recorded lectures before class and expects you to show up to class just to sit there. Seems like he hates his students. All practice assessments and actual tests are misleading and have errors. Being a student here is frustrating. If you are new to coding, you will definitely struggle. Avoid at all costs.
Apr 16th, 2024
Bad experiences due to hard lectures and difficult exams. Lots of homework occupies a lot of time. The TAs and graders are mean and lazy. Sometime they can even spend about 3 weeks to give grade for only one homework.
Feb 28th, 2024
Nice professor, boring lectures. Lot's of words about history and not much practical AI. Very little time commitment and not much homework so the class is easy.
Dec 16th, 2023
The assistance from the TAs unfortunately falls short of expectations. Effective TA support is important for a smooth learning process and the successful completion of hw
He's an insanely sweet guy and really cares about his students. He's not necessarily the most engaging lecturer, but I think it's hard to be engaging when teaching some of these concepts. Overall, if you do the problem sets and HW, you will learn and be alright. The 2nd midterm is tough compared to the 1st but he'll curve if necessary. Don't stress
The lectures in this class are great. They remain accessible to people without extensive math backgrounds, while going into enough detail to help you understand the algorithms. Homework, not so much. Assignments were excessively long, demanding tedious, sometimes impossible (yes, really) tasks from the students. They made the class a slog overall
Dec 15th, 2023
He cares so much about his students!!! Also, he provides so many late days/drops/extensions in the syllabus and class, which allows you to have some flexibility with the assignments. The information provides a good intro to AI, but nothing too in-depth. He's very passionate.
Dec 13th, 2023
The project required us to import a package that was problematic in itself, leading to unnecessary complications. The TAs lacked sufficient knowledge about this package and were not able to provide adequate assistance. Their suggestion to 'start early' to solve the issues with the package felt dismissive and unconstructive.
Grade: B
This review primarily addresses the TAs and the class homework, separate from the professor's own teaching quality. While the professor is commendable, the TAs unfortunately fall short in terms of helpful Their approach often comes across as rude and unhelpful. It's crucial for such a great professor to be supported by equally capable TAs.
Dec 12th, 2023
You can tell he really cares about his students and wants them to do well (and the vast majority of 360 gets an A). You learn a lot, especially in the second half of the course, but there's not much to stress about in his class, so you should take it in your most rigorous semester to balance out harder requirements.
Dec 5th, 2023
You will feel challenged if it's your first time taking a serious python course or a machine learning course. But the homework and the syllabus layout is pretty good, so as long as you do the work, and take the course, you'll be fine and learn a lot.
Nov 15th, 2023
Advanced Stats is generally a hard concept, but he makes it easier. The class is curved so that is good.
Oct 28th, 2023
Very easy class, and he is an awesome lecturer!
Sep 19th, 2023
Good professor
Jul 31st, 2023
HWs and exams are tough but have extra credits. You should learn linear algebra and probability well in advance because there is a lot of math in this course.
Jun 29th, 2023
Easy class if you go to it and learn how to Google bugs
A lot of people seem to be review bombing Rajati, but they are just the minority that didn't do well. 60% of the class got an A or A-. It's effortless to get 100s on every HW through EC. The midterm and final are easy if you attend every lecture (only about 1/4 of the class attended by the end). Rajati is charismatic and funny (he'll roast you).
Jun 24th, 2023
Since this class is an intro to C++. It is very easy, only 2 test throughout the whole semester, and a lot of extra credits opportunity. You don't have to show up in this class to get full credit.
Load More Ratings
Tech News & Deals from PCWorld & Macworld
An AI agent in a security badge? Thats Microsofts Project Solara pitch
Windows 8 is now 15 years old. Heres where its still being used
Image slip-up reveals possible name of macOS 27
Highly Rated for a Reason
BrilliantEarth
Rate My Professors, PCWorld and Macworld are part of the Foundry network. Recommendations powered by TaboolaU.S. Privacy
Site Guidelines
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright Compliance Policy
CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
2026 Rate My Professors, LLC. All Rights Reserved