Logo
Professors
Caret Down
Professor name
University of Southern California
Pencil Icon
Marco Papa
Computer Science
Rate
Compare
Jump To Ratings Down Arrow
Overall Quality Based on 451 ratings
Professor in the Computer Science department at University of Southern California
Level of Difficulty
Arrow Icon
I'm Professor Papa
Rating Distribution
Awesome 5
Great 4
Good 3
OK 2
Awful 1
Similar Professors
5.00
Cyrus Shahabi
David Chan
Hao Jiang
00:00
451 Student Ratings
All courses
CSCI201
May 18th, 2026
For Credit: Yes
Attendance: Not Mandatory
Grade: A-
Textbook: N/A
Content of the course is good but lectures are extremely boring and not well executed. Learned a lot from homeworks and labs but the course is mostly self study. Group project is a very large part of the grade and exams are okay.
Group projects
Helpful
Thumbs up
Thumbs down
Reviewed: May 18th, 2026
CSCI571
Apr 26th, 2026
Grade: C-
I would tell you something avoid him if you can
Tough grader
Lecture heavy
Test heavy
Grade: C
so bad this
bad bad very
very very bad
Apr 25th, 2026
He is very bad the worst ever
Reviewed: Apr 30th, 2026
He is very very very very bad
Grade: D
He abuses his authority by threatening students with zeros
He is a bad teacher who uses intimidation instead of actual teaching
He is a bad teacher who constantly threatens students with a zero
He is form Italy, He should make pizza rather than teaching , very bad teaching
This teacher is so bad
worst of the worst
Grade: F
he askes his TAs to write review for him bad, bad is not word to describe him, the worst so far
He is very bad the worst teacher i have ever been
Grade: D+
do not take it he is very bad his TAs write for him
so bad , very bad
he is very bad teacher do not take
this marco should not teach any more
I don't know how is still in the school, bad
The class only front-end, it is very bad i have been developing for long time all of the class content is not important for master's students. His exam try to trick you
70+ slides per lecture and all writing, very bad slides and teacher
So many papers
very bad is not enough
CSC1571
Apr 24th, 2026
Grade: D-
He reads the slides all the time, and he doesn't know how to explain.
He claims that companies like Google require this knowledge, but the class is extremely basic. The subject focuses on JavaScript and JavaScript minification, and overall, it is a simple class. I regret wasting my time on it, and I do not understand how he became a professor.
He should make falafel instead of teaching. The exam is automated, with 65 multiple-choice questions in 40 minutes, and he tries to trick students.
Apr 21st, 2026
Grade: Not sure yet
Worst of the worst. Lectures are not helpful at all. Exams cover material that he said will be taught next week, and we have to self-learn it.
Apr 16th, 2026
he is very bad believe me the rating is fake, his TAs do the rating
Apr 6th, 2026
This professor is not suitable to be teaching this course. The lectures are unclear and often do not match the exam content. Exams include questions that are either trivial or completely unrelated to the material, which makes them feel unfair and poorly designed.
Apr 5th, 2026
Some questions are overly basic, such as asking what HTTP stands for, while others are unclear or incomplete, like poorly written Python list questions. This makes the exams confusing and not a fair reflection of the material.
Very disappointing experience. The exams are not aligned with the course material and often include topics that were not properly covered in lectures, making it extremely difficult to prepare. The professor's teaching style is unclear. The attitude can come across as harsh and unapproachable. Overall, I do not recommend taking this course.
Apr 4th, 2026
His exam time is so short for 65 questions, and no good material to study from.
Jan 2nd, 2026
not much to say because he's the only option for 201, but shouts out to Mo (best TA ever) and my group. because you have to take him, i'll give some advice instead of complaining: - do the quizzes/peer reviews as soon as they come out, they're easy to forget - midterm question bank's on quizlet - lectures aren't mandatory, so save yourself the time
Dec 29th, 2025
Grade: Rather not say
This is a self-study course and only your concern to lose your tuition by not passing the course would motivate you to learn. Also, I don't understand only students are subject not to use AI in answering exam but the instructor can use AI to design questions? Don't take the course if your expectation is a good prof who will teach you.
Dec 24th, 2025
Grade: C+
I dont see the point of this course. There's nothing new to learn everything has been taught in undergrad. The grading is so bad , for a subject which is implementation heavy the marking is exam heavy which makes absolutely no sense.
Dec 19th, 2025
Would Take Again: Yes
Grade: A
Very tough prof. Got no extra points. Assignments are easy now wIth AI. Exams count a bit too much, but I learned a lot. Could not find much of older exams, just bits and pieces. Still got an A and my team was great.
Lots of homework
Dec 6th, 2025
Grade: B+
This professor fabricates reviews on his RMP. Check the distribution. Don't trust the reviews. This guy is not the best professor. He's seen his RMP. He's not understanding. His exams are made by AI. He's extremely reliant on it. He also has bit of an ego. He will not appeal to any emergency circumstances either.
Dec 5th, 2025
Attendance: Mandatory
Fabricated reviews.
Dec 3rd, 2025
Textbook: Yes
The professor cares about you a lot. Class was very interesting as well
Caring
Accessible outside class
Nov 11th, 2025
Over the years, he has nerfed the Web Technologies class. It used to be good when the projects had more weightage towards the grade. Now he gives more weightage to the exams which don't you that much in the real world.
Clear grading criteria
Gives good feedback
Graded by few things
Oct 30th, 2025
I love vibe coding and using the LLMs to complete my assignments. I scored perfectly so far. I wish more profs like Papa allowed use of AI. I think I'm close to an A. Except the exams are brutal. Need to know how to it without notes. Ho, well.
Online Savvy
Oct 29th, 2025
Prof.Papa is controversial. Love him or hate him. Lectures are amazing, and helped me decide to switch to AI early on. His lectures are still widely attended even at mid semester. Unusual. The exams are tough since there is no samples to use, besides some online at coursehero.
Amazing lectures
Oct 22nd, 2025
Don't trust the scores on RMP. Must say it's a very odd distribution of ratings where there are almost the same number of 1's as 5's and 2's as 4's. Some might say someone has their thumb on the scale. All in all just plain avoid. Cheating on assignments is rampant and no way to prep for the exams aside from asking previous students.
Sep 21st, 2025
this class is really bad. the slides especially. this class needs a revamp badly.
Sep 16th, 2025
I say More!!
Sep 15th, 2025
Do not rely on this page if you want to take a course with Papa. This page is unreliable: 1. Papa asks his TAs to write positive comments here. 2. Negative reviews are reported by him to be removed by RMP. Ask students who have taken a course with him
Sep 5th, 2025
say no more
Aug 26th, 2025
Papa was very kind to me when I was having a rough time and requested a IN. He didn't ask for supporting documents and responded graciously - immediately granted it. He also checked in with me regularly. He is caring, though I think it's overlooked because people blame him when group projects falter - that responsibility lies with the group itself.
Aug 8th, 2025
This course is very helpful for anyone interested in web and mobile technologies. I learned a lot from the assignments and applied several concepts from the course during my summer internship.
Jul 14th, 2025
Grade: A+
Professor Papa is one of the most insightful and industry-aware instructors I've had at USC. His approach to teaching Web Technologies is deeply practical-every lecture is tied to real-world applications, and the assignments are structured in a way that truly prepares students for building scalable, modern web systems.
Jun 30th, 2025
Great class! The assignments are very tough, but I learned so much from them. I used a video from one of the assignments to get a Summer 2025 internship. The lectures are basically TED-talk-level inspiring. This course is a must for web, cloud, and mobile tech.
Jun 20th, 2025
Lot to say but rather not say. LOL
May 25th, 2025
Papa admits to reading this page,I suspect most of the good reviews are by him. Be warned: you pay 9,000 to do a project by yourself . You might as well Google old projects and do them in your free time or just find similar stuff around web, no difference. He's always finding excuses to punish people and thinks he's Steve Jobs.
Hilarious
May 22nd, 2025
Lot to say but rather not say
Participation matters
May 21st, 2025
This course is very valuable for people who want to build a foundation of server-web knowledge or create their own web service from scratch. This course has variant practice (quizzes, labs, coding assignments, coding project) with different focus scope. Workload is medium considering it's a coding course. Professor responses very quickly in Piazza.
I took CSCI 571 in my first semester at USC. The course greatly strengthened my understanding of technologies like MEAN stack, Flask, and Android app development. The assignments were well-structured and on industry level. Professor Papa explained the material clearly and was always helpful, which made the learning experience even more valuable.
Inspirational
The class has a heavy workload but it's manageable if you're interested in the topics. Lectures are informative but attendance isn't required. Overall, I liked the way the class was structured, has good Piazza support, the grading criteria was clear, and I enjoyed taking it with professor Papa.
May 20th, 2025
I really don't get why everyone hates on Papa. I don't think he's a great lecturer, so I never went, but the labs have value. You really learn a lot from his projects and he provides a lot of resources to get you started. Group project sucks but everyone does well. Piazza is pure memes. Exams are easy if you just look up a quizlet.
Nasty final mobile project. Lectures are inspiring. Just got my internship using assignment 2 to show off my skills. Frigging long nights, but it paid off. Don't take this unless you are taking nothing else. I had to take it since it is a requirement for MS in AI.
Prof. Papa is a tough one. But he helped me with office hours and Piazza. The exams are tough as they are all different. And the last assignment is really difficult, but I was able to get an A, and I learned a lot. I attendd all lectures and it helped me a lot. in the end only 30 students would show up, bit that the same as all my classes.
Class was a joke. Professor is a joke. Never went to class once because this guy is hands down THE worst lecturer you can ever have. Before going into his exams, buy a lottery ticket because exams are not standardized. Some questions may be a simple T/F and others will have you bringing out your inner Sherlock to decipher Marco Papa's wording.
May 19th, 2025
This class is super relevant to today's job market. You build 34 projects in Angular, Node.js, and Android to master full-stack and mobile development. The assignments are time-heavy but practicaI. I got an internship because of them. Professor Papa replies on Piazza almost instantly. Do be ready to commit weekly hours!
May 17th, 2025
Overhated professor. Most CS lectures in general are boring. Piazza drama makes the class funny. The last assignment was a ton of work, but honestly this was like the first CS assignment where I learned something valuable. pluh
The course load is heavy, but the professor and his TAs are available and supportive on Piazza and Zoom office hours. Attendance is not mandatory. So, it's your choice to attend the lectures in person.
Get ready to read
May 16th, 2025
Professor Marco Papa is one of the best at USC who is super approachable, always available, and deeply involved. Assignments are long but meaningful, and the projects are practical and portfolio-worthy. If you want a course that truly helps you learn and grow, take this one. You won't regret it.
Computer IconCSC1571
Online Class: Yes
Professor Marco Papa is very professional and very accessible outside of the class through Piazza. Professor constantly supports the students on Piazza and the assignments are very helpful to learn things closer to real world work experience. I highly recommend professor Marco Papa for the Web Technologies Course.
May 15th, 2025
it was a great learning experience.
May 14th, 2025
Professor Papa has strong expertise in web technologies domain . He's active on Piazza and always ready to help with questions and debugging even at the middle of the night. The assignments are practical, challenging, and resume-worthy. I learned a lot and highly recommend this course for anyone interested in web development.
Respected
May 13th, 2025
Nice Course Material. Worst Professor
AVOID THIS COURSE. Lectures are unhelpful, assignments are very heavy, and questions often go unanswered or asked in return with rudeness. HW Instructions, rubrics, and samples often conflict. Grading is inconsistent with given rubrics and unfair (lost 10 points when a part sums up to 4 points in rubrics), with no chance for regrade in clear cases.
May 11th, 2025
Countless significant and sudden changes of assignment requirements around the deadline. Very rude in Piazza posts. Useless and Outdated materials. Terribly time-consuming assignments especially the last one. Uses ChatGPT to back his argument and argue against students.
Horrible professor. Constantly changing assignment requirements/details AFTER they've been posted on Piazza (not a single assignment where he didn't have to make 10 clarifications or adjustments to the original instructions). Disorganized lectures, rude on Piazza (fought w/ student, student backed sources, Marco's source was ChatGPT). P easy grade
I never took this, but 4 of my roommates did, believe me when I say their life was living hell for the whole semester This prof just gives insane amount of HW and project with literally 0 support from side His replies on Piazza is extremely rude. Jist? Don't take 571 under prof Papa
May 6th, 2025
He's a bit harsh on Piazza but lectutes are inspirational and assignments are super difficult but amazing. i wish they counted more.
May 5th, 2025
Grade: B-
The grading in this class is pretty arbitrary. From what I know, several students couldn't graduate because of it. If you're trying to graduate on time, DO NOT take this course.
May 3rd, 2025
Grade: B
never take his course
Computer IconCSCI571
May 2nd, 2025
Good for basics, but lexpect to self-learn modern tools. Extremely project-heavy (~35h 1st, 90h 2nd, 65h 3rd, tracked via WakaTime). As someone with only Python experience, workload was intense. Fine as an intro,self-learning for real-world readiness. I learded angualr/bootstrap and android, but still need to learn.
EXTRA CREDIT
May 1st, 2025
Grade: Audit/No Grade
I never took his class but he made my gf cry so immediate 1/5 (This is my second rating)
He's a strict professor but very passionate about the subject. You will learn a lot through assignments.
This class was incredibly frustrating. When students asked questions, they were either dismissed or given vague answers. The grading felt arbitrary, and there was little feedback on assignments. I didn't feel like I learned much, and I wouldn't recommend this class unless you absolutely have to take it.
Professor was very nice and open to meet for office hours. He talks clearly in lectures and delivers the content for you to succeed he was a very good professor and I would 100% recommend his course and any other course by this professor.
Papa is the worst professor i've had at USC. He uses the slides of prof's before him and gives little more than simply reading them and looking irritated at students who don't know the answers to his questions. While he's nice in person, he is awful when responding to emails and piazza posts, almost as if he hates his job. He makes me hate tenure.
Fun fact: Most of my sports parlays were made in this class. If you are taking 3 other somewhat hard classes, be ready to be in absolute hell when you have a midterm, final project code, and a hard assignment all due for this class in two weeks. Lectures are a snooze fest. I'm falling asleep writing this. I wouldn't wish this class on anyone.
Apr 30th, 2025
Why is USC's CS curriculum no match for those at other prestigious schools? Just look at what this professor is teaching and you'll understand.
Papa is so condescending and rude mostly on discussion board and does not provide meaningful feedback on assignments; the TAs do the heavy lifting. His lectures are mind-numbing which is why so many people don't go. He is also unwilling to listen to students' opinion when it comes to incorrect quiz answers. Third assignment is also very difficult
Intellectually stifling
Apr 29th, 2025
i never took his class nor am I a CS Major but he made my girlfriend sad 1/5
Apr 28th, 2025
absolute trash
Probably the worst CS professor you'll have in your USC career. Never knew of a prof who hated his students more than him (which makes me question why is does this)
The problem with 201, unlike 104, isn't that the class is difficult, but the prof and the content makes it barely enjoyable. Unforgiving, unreliable and just not a very fun prof, Papa's lectures are just not engaging. That being said, 201 as a class is relatively easy. The hardest parts are Assignment 3, the group project, and MT2.
Mar 24th, 2025
very obvious that he wants to make students' lives harder and not easier; only thinks about himself and has a god-complex
Feb 22nd, 2025
lectures incredibly boring teaching style puts me to sleep.
Feb 13th, 2025
Grade: Incomplete
Seems like a somewhat approachable guy and he is definitely knowledgeable. However, lectures have been incredibly boring so far. I generally try my best to pay attention to my CS lectures, but his teaching style is not engaging at all and puts me to sleep.
Feb 11th, 2025
He responds harshly on Piazza. But go talk with him in person, go to his office hours, and you will learn that he actually does care and is a lovely professor. He will remember you (positively) if you go to most of his lectures, and the assignments indeed help me learn a lot. Struggled with class, but did learn a lot of useful stuff.
Jan 24th, 2025
1. Lots of homeworks. Homework 3 and 4(Web and mobile app) takes huge amount of time to finish. 2. This course use Angular to do homework, which is a old framework and no longer popular. They allow students to use React to do homework. but do not give any help or support to students using React. 3. Exams are irrelevant to any lectures and homeworks
Jan 16th, 2025
Disregard this page if you're considering taking this course because: 1. Numerous fake reviews have been posted. 2. Negative reviews from students are often reported and removed by RMP. Instead, consult friends who have taken the course for accurate insights. The course itself is worthwhile, but keep in mind that it will be largely self-taught.
Jan 14th, 2025
Worst professor at USC. Does not care about his students (and says as much in lectures). Lectures are just reading off slides that are 100x easier than the assignments. Useless labs that waste time. The professor has a god complex in every aspect of the course. Crazy that he still teaches at USC.
Dec 27th, 2024
The assignments take a lot of time to complete so take this course with a lesser intense course. The grading criteria is clear and the mid term and end term is mcq based so prep based on past exams and you will be fine. Put your best effort to score maximum in all assignments. Prof teaches well, interesting lectures.
Dec 21st, 2024
3 assignments, last two weren't easy but totally doable and i learned a lot. IMO pretty useful class with multithreading and into to web dev. People complain about the assignment, the project, and the second midterm deadlines occurring at the same time but these people seem to forget this was cuz he extended the assignment deadline several times.
Dec 20th, 2024
He is a great professor. Easy class, though hefty commitments. He is clear in his guidelines and responsive in Piazza. Many things are very useful
Load More Ratings
Tech News & Deals from PCWorld & Macworld
OpenClaw was too dangerous for your PC. Now its the blueprint
MacBook Neo is so popular, Dell is baiting PC shoppers again
The newest Surface is a mini PC, but its not for you
Highly Rated for a Reason
BrilliantEarth
Rate My Professors, PCWorld and Macworld are part of the Foundry network. Recommendations powered by TaboolaU.S. Privacy
Site Guidelines
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright Compliance Policy
CA Notice at Collection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
2026 Rate My Professors, LLC. All Rights Reserved